[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we have a very special guest,
Sergeant Clifford Stone,
ex-military operative
who had much experience
with extraterrestrials,
especially with telepathy.
Sargent Stone,
welcome to the show.
>>CLIFFORD STONE:
Thank you, sir.
It's my great
privilege to be here.
>>EMERY: What was your first
experience with telepathy
and extraterrestrials?
>>STONE: Well, I
really didn't realize
that it was the
case when I saw all
the beings as little children.
Because it didn't
dawn on me that they
were talking to me in
telepathy or thought transfer.
But as other people
couldn't see them,
other people couldn't
hear them neither.
And I had to choose my
time, which they already
knew what I was saying because
the thought transfer, when
I was thinking it,
went to them also.
But I'd wait till I
was in a safe place
where no one's around
to talk to them.
Well, they already knew
because I had already
talked to them the same way
they were talking to me.
So that was my first
experience with it.
I didn't know what was
going on at the time.
>>EMERY: What was
that like, though?
Did you have to
transmit your thoughts?
Or it was just natural?
>>STONE: It was a natural
occurring process.
And they actually, later on--
well, Korona actually
later on told me
that many of your scientists
are well aware of the fact
that all of you have
the ability to do this.
It's just that you weren't
trained or you don't really--
if you think you can't do
something, you can't do it.
The first thing is to get
the right mental process,
get in the right
mental condition
and telling yourself you can do
it and practice makes perfect.
>>EMERY: What was your
first setting like?
So explain it in detail
with the ET or ETs
that you were having this--
you said children ETs.
>>STONE: I had--
at the age of four,
they started the grooming of
me to getting me ready to where
if they chose me, I'd be ready.
Well, I saw these--
and all I can call
them is shadow people.
They were like
shadows in my bedroom.
And that made it difficult. I
wanted to sleep with the lights
on.
Well, I couldn't
sleep with lights on.
So I had to endure with
the shadow people there.
And I could hear whispers,
but I couldn't make out
what was really said.
This is where,
actually, like you're
trying to tune into
a station, but I
didn't realize it at the time.
When I got a little
older, then I
started to run in to children
that no one else could see,
that only I could see.
It didn't dawn on me that with
these children speaking to me,
it's like you and I
talking right now.
That's the way it was.
But yet, no one else
could hear them.
>>EMERY: What were the messages
they were transmitting to you?
>>STONE: They were talking
to me just like you
and I. They wasn't
telling me they
were from some other planet
or anything like that.
It was just common
communication.
And I didn't question as
to where they were from.
To me, they were children.
But they went
ahead, they would--
and I'd think, OK, when I
get to a safe haven area
where no one's around, I
can go ahead and ask them
some quest-- well, they already
knew what I was thinking.
>>EMERY: And you took this as
an educational moment to learn.
You said they were
grooming you for something
that you already, maybe,
had an inclination was
going to be really important
for your future, it sounds.
>>STONE: Well, yeah.
Well, I was taking it from
the get-go as a learning
experience.
It wouldn't be until I
found out who Korona was
and what he really
looked like that I had
to make that tough decision.
Resist it and probably go crazy
or accept it and learn from it.
>>EMERY: How fast did
it progress for you
that you knew you
had this ability
and that they were willing
to reach out to you?
>>STONE: Well, seeing
them as just children,
that went on for maybe
about three, four months.
And no real problems.
I even got to the point
where I started enjoying it.
But then when I had
the incident where
I found that little
bird that was injured
and I accidentally killed
it and I saw Korona
as he really looked, that's when
it took on a whole new reality.
That's actually when I
really realized at that time
that he's not talking
to me the way we talk.
And even though I
still felt that I
needed to articulate
what I was thinking,
he already knew
what I was saying.
Then he was trying to
point out to me later
on about the situation
that we don't
have to talk to one another.
All we have to do is formulate
the thoughts with our mind,
and we can transfer.
And he even called
it thought transfer.
>>EMERY: Thought transfer.
>>STONE: And here it was.
He was making it clear
that that's what it was.
And this is actually--
with thought transfer, it's the
most honest and purest means
of communication.
You may not be telling
something factual,
but when that thought
transfer is going through,
it's what you truly
believe to be the truth.
And I think no one's
ever pointed that out.
>>EMERY: I always say there's
no misinterpretation when
you have telepathy because
it's emotion, it's talking,
it's a visual.
You have 10 times
more communication,
things happening than me
just talking or texting you,
which is I think is a
horrible way to communicate.
>>STONE: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: Because there's
always a misinterpretation.
>>STONE: A whole lot of
things get misinterpreted
through transmission.
And with thought
transfer, there's
not a chance of
misinterpretation.
>>EMERY: Were there some
extraterrestrial species
that you really had to be
careful with because they're
more sensitive to the language
and maybe not used to humans?
Most ETs that I've dealt
with are very compassionate
and they know that we're
learning telepathy.
However, I've heard that there
are other extraterrestrials
out there that have not had
experience working with us
and they find us
a little repulsive
with language communication
and the way we look and smell.
>>STONE: Well, I think your
latter comment is probably
very true.
But as far as the actual
process of thought transfer,
it is universal.
No new technique involved in it.
But how you perceive
that information
may have an impact on the person
that is actually receiving it.
You may mean
something really good,
but in their way of thinking--
not through the thought
transfer process,
but in the way of the
thinking of maybe a newcomer
to the intergalactic community,
he may not really fully grasp
what you're trying to say.
And that can cause--
>>EMERY: An
interpretation problem.
>>STONE: Yes, absolutely.
>>EMERY: Have you ever
experienced an interpretation
problem with an ET?
>>STONE: Me, personally,
I never had that problem.
But here, again, in
all the communications
and all the interaction
with our visitors,
I learned one thing,
that there must
be that sense of humbling
oneself on both sides.
And a lot of times, even
within our own societies,
ego can go ahead and cause a
lot of problems among even two
friends.
I hate people to
display their ego.
And the whole
situation is ego will
cause a whole lot of
problems, and it's
the same with our visitors.
And I like to think
that through some way,
they're either
reading I have an ego
or I'm reflecting ego in some
way, form, or fashion, which
is not the case at all.
>>EMERY: Can ETs, during
this thought transmission,
access your mind and also know
a lot more about you than you
actually wanted to tell anyone?
>>STONE: You can't
keep secrets from them.
Yes, they can definitely
pick up on the--
they can pick up on
the inner real you.
They're going
through the process
of deciding who they're going
to follow throughout life.
This is exactly
what they're doing.
>>EMERY: Does thought
transfer have a limitation due
to proximity and distance?
>>STONE: Once again, this
is simply my opinion,
but I would say it
has no limitation.
>>EMERY: I agree.
>>STONE: And a lot
of times, we are
subject to that and not even
know that we are subject to it.
A good example, you
have a loved one that's
somewhere overseas
and something horrific
may be happening to them.
And immediately, their
thoughts turn to you,
you pick up on those thoughts.
And your thousands
of miles away.
I've had experiences
with that, and I
know other people
have had experiences.
One of my friends got
killed in Vietnam.
I was there.
I was begging him not to die.
When I got back to
go meet his family
and tell them what he
wanted me to tell them,
the wife already knew.
She picked up on it,
and she was telling me
the things that was
happening at that night
that she had no way of
knowing, no way at all to know.
And to me, that was him
reaching out to her.
A lot of times when we
lose a loved one that's
great distances away
from us, we sometimes
feel them coming within
our presence and sense
the fact that they're
coming there to tell us
goodbye for a while, that we'll
meet later on in another plane.
Forgive me for getting
emotional about that.
>>EMERY: It's fine.
In your experience, have
you felt with telepathy
that some are a little bit more
overbearing and stronger energy
with emotion than others?
>>STONE: I think that there
are situations where--
and I really don't know
how to interpret that.
But I think that
there are situations--
if what you're asking,
can they actually
go ahead and use
that mental power
to manipulate you to do things
that you normally wouldn't do,
and I would say yes to that.
Now once again, when
I say yes to that,
that's not necessarily
to mean to have you do
the wrong things, for example.
People were putting themselves
in danger, they go ahead--
and you're just thinking, well,
gee, if I've turn this corner,
I'm putting myself
in harm's way.
That's just things
you're thinking about,
and you may still
turn that corner.
They could actually
go ahead and give you
such a strong sense of thought
on turning into that corner,
you'll go on down a
block or two then go.
And you won't understand
why you did that.
Now, they had the
ability to do that.
>>EMERY: So they had the ability
to manipulate your choices?
>>STONE: Oh, absolutely.
But the one thing
they can't do, make
you do something that
you feel is immoral
or something that is wrong.
>>EMERY: So if I'm
a serial killer
and I think killing is fine,
then they'll let me kill?
>>STONE: No, they're not
going to let you kill.
>>EMERY: But that's--
>>STONE: The situation
is they're not
going to interfere with that.
This is something
that's among us here.
If you are a serial killer,
then you have a mental blockage.
And they aren't here
to cure us, per se.
>>EMERY: Why are they here then?
And why are they allowing
telepathy to happen?
Are they trying to teach us?
>>STONE: They're
trying to teach us,
but not everyone's
being selected
for them to have the interfacing
lift to follow throughout life.
Only those people and,
from time to time,
the average man off the street
on a one-time basis or a couple
times because they're
trying to learn something
from that particular individual.
People have experiences.
You have the people who are
selected to which they're
going to fall throughout life.
You have others,
for whatever reason,
they have that one-time
encounter or that situation
where they may have several
times encounter, where
our visitors are
trying to figure out
something about that
individual or individuals.
Then they'll come back
several times over
to just check where
the process stands now.
So it's not like they're
trying to control
the entire population of
planet Earth and mandate
through thought control.
We are responsible for
our actions, even those
who are mentally ill among us.
Short of physical intervention,
there's nothing they can do.
Like with the serial
killer, that right there
has to do with certain
blockages of the mental process.
>>EMERY: Were you
ever in any type
of special training for this?
>>STONE: I fought
not to go to it.
Therefore I didn't go.
>>EMERY: Is it because
of programming?
>>STONE: Well, to me, I felt
that if I went to the training
that they were
giving, that it would
be a sense of being programmed.
The army had the initial
onset of remote viewing,
which is mind transfer
within its own right.
That project at the time is
known as Project Center Lane.
Later, the DIA took it over
and it became part of MKUltra.
But I saw people who
went there who came back,
and they had very high egos
and they put other people
at a lower level than they were.
I had problems with that.
So at every turn of the
corner, when they said--
and the way they put it, we
won't send you to school.
I fought like crazy not to go.
>>EMERY: Did they
give you an option?
>>STONE: No, it
wasn't an option.
It was, we want you
to go to this school.
Now, when it came to
this particular aspect--
and if you go to any
organization that
was working with remote viewing,
they would find the people,
they'd select them,
and that was an option.
That wasn't something they would
automatically force on you.
And the reason for
that, they were
very concerned
about what was going
to happen when Congress and
the media picked up on the fact
that they were doing this.
If you remember, when they
found out about MKUltra,
the CIA destroyed
tens of thousands
of government documents dealing
with that just so Congress
wouldn't find out about it.
So that was my out on that.
And I made it quite
clear that I wasn't
real crazy about how I saw
people act when they came back.
Also, if the government
had their way,
you would have been
right with that unit
throughout your entire career.
The only problem is that's
not good for promotion
and moving up the ladder of
your profession and career.
We got to the point where--
even though we said it wasn't
the case, we got to the point
where we were about 87% accuracy
within our remote viewing
program.
Also, the remote viewing
program came into play
because the DIA, once
again, did reports
on what the Russians were
doing, the former Soviet states
were doing.
They considered that
an advanced technology.
And the former Soviet Union
was much further ahead of us
in this new advanced
technology than we were.
>>EMERY: Why is that?
Did they have an upper
hand because maybe they
were speaking to the
extraterrestrials
before we were?
>>STONE: I don't know
why they were ahead,
but they took the
fact that thought
transfer was a potential
weapon of the future.
The one thing that you
have to keep in mind
is that they were working
on to make a weapon.
For example, you could go ahead
and with this thought transfer,
they were working
on what they also
referred to as out of
the body experience.
Now they had to
acknowledge there
was something really there.
>>EMERY: Was there
any memorable entities
that you can recall that
were your favorites when
it comes to telepathy?
>>STONE: Well, like I say,
my most favorite, once again,
would be Korona.
There was another one
that was very human-like,
and of course that was
the great philosopher.
I learned a lot from him.
And those would be the top
two that are most memorable.
>>EMERY: And what did
you learn from him?
>>STONE: Oh, there
were certain things
that I would like to know about.
And trying to put where I
remember one instance, that's
hard to do because
a lot of times it
was like talking
to a philosopher.
He taught me how--
with war, people-- and
there is a reason for that.
I was having very bad
thoughts about things
I was seeing in war.
He says, these
people aren't acting
the way they would normally
act, that they will actually,
in the end, regret the
actions that they're taking.
But you have to be in a
position where you can say,
I forgive them.
They're victims in another
realm, meaning a lot of them
were killed, that
in their own time,
they will forgive the person
that did these transactions
against them.
But the whole
situation is they were
trying to make me understand
it is the horror of war that
makes people do horrible things
that otherwise they'd never
have done.
And in a lot of
cases I was thinking,
this person has to be a bad
person from the beginning
because of what they were doing.
And that wasn't the case.
And that's the way he was
trying to explain it to me.
That's one of the best
things I can remember.
>>EMERY: How do you make
a distinction of someone
in the room that's not an ET?
Or if they are an ET, how do
you know who's saying what?
>>STONE: By the
thought process itself.
By the content of
the message itself.
Our visitors only talk
to you in various ways,
and sometimes they're even going
to get certain things mixed up
that you would never ever expect
a person that may be trying
to do-- and we call it
thought manipulation--
that is very human that
knows how to do that.
>>EMERY: Thought manipulation.
What kind of advice
can you give us
when meeting an extraterrestrial
so we do the right thing?
>>STONE: If it's your first time
and you've never believed even
in their existence, you know
you've come upon something
highly unusual, highly unknown.
Now for the first time, you
know there is an intelligence
outside of humanity.
Go ahead, listen--
I'll put it this way.
Listen with your
mind and your heart.
And understand that
they may go ahead
and open up to you
with thought transfer.
Now, you're going to hear it,
just like you and I talking.
But people seeing this are
going to think, oh, this
is all my imagination.
I think I hear
them talking to me.
No, no.
Form something friendly
in your own mind
to refer back through
thought transfer
because they're going
to pick up on it.
If they pick up only fear
and the sense that you
want to do something
to try to harm them,
they're going to
respond in kind.
But if you go ahead
and think that I'm
glad to make your
acquaintance, I
know you're not from
this Earth, this
is my first experience,
bear with me,
if there is questions
you have of me
that I might answer, I shall try
to answer, so feel free to ask.
And you don't have
to verbalize that.
You need to think
it in your mind,
and they'll pick up on that.
But all too often, the first
thoughts they pick up on
is the fear and the results
of fear of doing harm
to the energy they're seeing.
>>EMERY: Now, do they
also have any rights here?
>>STONE: No.
The wild life of this
planet have more rights
than our visitors.
Our visitors are
not even recognized
by any government
shape, form, or fashion
as having any rights
on this planet at all.
If you kill an insentient
being from another planet,
another dimension,
that isn't murder.
Why?
The laws of this
planet apply only
to the living creatures
of this planet.
You go ahead and mistreat
a dog, you can go to jail.
You go ahead and find a
way of capturing an ET
and mistreat that ET in a
cruel and unusual manner,
you haven't broken a law because
the laws don't cover them
because they're not
from this planet.
We need to go ahead--
and even if the people
that are involved
don't believe in the
existence of these entities,
understand that
someday we're going
to make contact with
entities not of this world
and make it clear that they
have certain rights also.
>>EMERY: Why is it easier
for some people to say,
well, I can call out
to an extraterrestrial
or a civilization
and they show up,
and some people will sit out
under the stars for a week
and not see anything?
>>STONE: I have no
real thought on that,
other than that I do believe
some people have actually
had that type of
experience, whether it's
brought on because of
their thought transfer
or by circumstance.
I'll carry it one step further
by stating I firmly do not
believe things just happen.
Things happen for a purpose,
whether we know that there
was a purpose or not.
Within the universe, everything
has a meaning, a time
and a place to fall in place.
Nothing is an accident.
>>EMERY: Sargent
Stone, thank you
so much for coming on the show.
>>STONE: Thank you, sir.
Once again, it's been my
great pleasure to be here.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>DAVID ADAIR: The name
is Dr. Allen J. Hynek.
Weren't you with a thing
called Project Blue Book?
I thought they shut it all down.
He said, yeah, they got you
thinking right, don't they?
A Frisbee came in and plowed
into these palm trees.
It's a disk.
They shut down
Project Blue Book,
but you're now here
searching underwater UFOs.
>>EMERY SMITH: David,
what an amazing story
of you and J. Allen Hynek.